Update docs and fix markdown lint issues (#69)
ba-st/Buoy: docs/Assertions.md

  buildAndCheck
```

> Note that in this case we're creating an `AssertionCheckerBuilder` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this case we are creating an `AssertionCheckerBuilder` and
```
